Pod taints & tolerations controller (#1111)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: cmd/experimental/podtaintstolerations/README.md

# Pod Taints & Tolerations Controller

This controller adds experimental support for bare Pod workloads, targeting clusters that predate support for [scheduling gates](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/12/26/pod-scheduling-readiness-alpha/) (alpha in Kubernetes 1.26). This controller acts as a translation layer between the Pod API and the Kueue Workload API. It implements queue admission by updating Pod tolerations.

> NOTE: Node taints should be pre-configured by cluster administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Node taints need to be pre-configured by cluster administrators.
```

Author: Done

This directory should be considered a reference implementation of how Kueue can be extended out-of-tree to add support for different workload types.

## Local Quickstart

### Setup

Create a kind cluster with Kueue installed.

```bash
./hack/kind-cluster.sh
```

Configure Kueue.

```bash
kubectl apply -f examples/queue.yaml
kubectl apply -f examples/priorities.yaml
```

In another terminal, start the controller.

```bash

> go run . --admission-taint-key=company.com/kueue-admission

Reviewer: why not use the deployment instead?

Author: Rewrote guide to use a Deployment in-cluster
